　　有时候，人们在特定的情况下因抓到最短的 “稻草” 而不得不接受做苦差事的命运。本集节目介绍一个能描述这种情况的地道英语表达。　　（关于台词的备注: 请注意这不是广播节目的逐字稿件。本文稿可能没有体现录制、编辑过程中对节目做出的改变。）　　大家好，这里是 BBC 英语教学的《地道英语》节目。我是冯菲菲。　　　　And hello, I’m Rob.　　Rob, it’s very kind of you to bring me to this cafe and to buy me a milkshake. 我特别喜欢 milkshakes 奶昔。　　Err, did I say I was paying? Anyway, I wanted to talk to you about work…　　　　….mmm, strawberry, my favourite.　　　Errr, yes, mine too. But back to talking about work – you know we’re moving the desks around…　　　Why do milkshakes taste so good? Oh, look, I’ve finished mine.　　　Yes… as I was trying to say, it looks like you’ve got the short straw.　　　　Oh, that’s why I’ve drunk my milkshake quicker than you – I had a short straw!　　No, Feifei. Forget the milkshake. If you get the short straw, it means you’re the person in a group who gets the most unpleasant outcome in a situation.　　　表达 “get the short straw” 的意思是在一组人当中，抽中了下下签，“不得不做最无趣的事情，干最苦的差事”。And why have I got the short straw?　　　Well, I’m afraid they’re moving your desk to just outside the toilet!　　We’ll see about that! Let’s hear some examples of other people who’ve got the short straw.　　　Looks like I’ve got the short straw – I’m doing the late shift while everyone else goes to the pub!　　Oh, dear, Tom’s got do the washing up after our dinner party. Ha! Looks like he’s got the short straw.　　We were given free tickets to the theatre, but I got the short straw because my seat was right at the back and I couldn’t see a thing!　　这里是 BBC 英语教学的《地道英语》节目。我们正在一起学习如何使用地道表达 “get/draw the short straw”，这个表达形容一个人因被选中而不得不干最困难的、最苦的差事。And Rob, you’re saying I’ve got the short straw in the office reshuffle?　　　　Yes. That’s why I thought I’d take you for a milkshake as a way of making you feel better about it.　　　You mean as a way of saying sorry more like. I’ve seen the new office plan and you were supposed to sit by the toilet but you changed the name to mine – what a cheek!　　　Well…errr… How about if I do pay for your milkshake?　　Maybe, if you buy me anothermilkshake.　　Oh, OK, then… remind me what flavour?　　Strawberry – with two long straws.