　　　Rob 最喜欢的街角小饭馆改头换面，变成了一家只卖纯素食品的馆子。这可惹得 Rob 不高兴。他下决心一定要改变饭馆老板的主意，让饭馆恢复卖肉食。“Fight tooth and nail” 这个说法就可以形容 Rob “竭尽全力，拼命努力” 的做事态度。Rob 和菲菲将在节目中讲解 “fight tooth and nail” 的具体用法。　　　大家好，欢迎收听 BBC英语教学的 “地道英语” 节目。我是冯菲菲。　　…and hello, I’m Rob.　　　You’re looking a bit angry, Rob.　　Yes, I am. I’m really angry. I’ve just heard some bad news.　　　Rob 刚刚收到了一些坏消息。What’s happened?　　Well, it’s the cafe I go to. They’ve decided to become a vegan cafe – no more meat! Where am I going to buy my bacon sandwich from now?　　　　Rob 常去的那家小饭馆决定成为一家纯素的馆子，所以 Rob 不能再去那里买他喜欢吃的培根三明治了。There could be worse things to get angry about.　　Really? I don’t think so. I’m going to fight tooth and nail to get them to change their mind.　　　Oooh, that sounds painful – protesting with your teeth and nails.　　Of course not, Feifei. When you fight tooth and nail for something, you use a lot of effort to get something you want. You can also do it to stop something happening.　　我明白了。“Fight tooth and nail” 的意思是 “竭尽全力”，正如它的字面意思，“牙爪并施 fight tooth and nail”。这个说法用来形容人做事全力以赴，不屈不挠。It’s an odd phrase, Rob.　　Yes, and it’s a very old English phrase and basically means to use everything you have available to get the outcome you want.　　Even your teeth and nails! Well, let’s hear some examples of people fighting tooth and nail.　　We’re going to fight tooth and nail to stop them building a new motorway going right past our house.　　After fighting tooth and nail, I finally managed to get the pay rise I felt I deserved.　　My football team needs to fight tooth and nail to stay in the top division. They have to win today’s match!　　这里是 BBC英语教学的 “地道英语” 节目。在这集节目里，我们一起学习一个老式经典表达 “fight tooth and nail”。它可以用来形容人做事 “全力以赴，不遗余力，尽心尽力”。So Rob, that’s what you’re going to do to stop your favourite cafe from serving vegan food?　　　Umm, well, not exactly – they can sell vegan food but I want them to carry on selling bacon sandwiches – I love them. That’s what I’m fighting tooth and nail for.　　Yes, I know. 可是还要继续卖培根，就不能是纯素的馆子了。　　　Well, I’m going to organise a petition to get bacon back – do you want to sign it?　　No, I don’t. But Rob, have you seen this leaflet that I was given? It says “fifty percent off all vegan food this week”. And guess what? It’s at your ‘favourite’ cafe.　　　Oh, fifty percent discount you say? Hmmm, maybe I should try some vegan food.　　　　Yes, try a beetroot hummus sandwich – far healthier and less fattening, Rob.　　　Thanks! I will. Bye!　　Goodbye.