　　Rob 说他不舒服，所以只想从节目稿里挑几句好的台词随便读一下，省省他的嗓子。菲菲说他的这种行为是 “cherry-pick 挑拣樱桃”。听他们的对话，学习 “cherry-pick” 的实际意思和用法。　　（关于台词的备注: 请注意这不是广播节目的逐字稿件。本文稿可能没有体现录制、编辑过程中对节目做出的改变。）　　大家好！欢迎来到 BBC英语教学的 “地道英语” 节目。我是冯菲菲。　　　…and hello, I’m Rob.　　你怎么端了一盆水果来了？　　　Well, I’m not feeling great – and you know fruit is packed with vitamin C, so I thought eating some would do me good.　　Hmm, I see. Well, I’m sorry you’re not feeling great, but we have got a programme to do and an English phrase to teach.　　If you don’t mind, I might just read a few lines from this script – you know, to save my voice. Perhaps I could just read the funny lines?　　　　Rob 声称自己不舒服，所以只想读这集节目稿子中最好的几句台词。You can’t just cherry-pick what you want to say.　　　　Cherry-pick? There aren’t any cherries in my fruit bowl - so I won’t be picking any.　　I wasn’t referring to your fruit. “Cherry-pick 挑拣樱桃” 这个词组的实际意思是在一组事物或人当中 “择优挑选，捡最好的挑”。But Rob, you’re not going to do that, are you?　　Errr… shall we hear some examples of other cherry pickers?　　Josh says he cherry-picked the players for his football team based on their skills – but I know it’s because they were his friends!　　We need to cherry-pick the best food for our new restaurant – we really want to impress our customers.　　It seems unfair that our school has cherry-picked the best students to attend the conference – we should all have a chance to go.　　你正在收听的是 BBC英语教学的 “地道英语” 节目。在这集节目中，我们教给大家词组 “cherry-pick” 的意思和用法。动词 “cherry-pick” 描述人们在一组事物或人当中挑选出最好的、最值得拥有的那一个。Rob 刚才就 “cherry-pick”，挑拣出他认为最好的几句台词来读。It’s a bit unfair, Rob.　　　I was just trying to save my voice but I’ll do my best. Would you like a piece of fruit from the bowl, Feifei?　　　　Oh, OK, then. Umm, that banana is a bit mouldy… that orange is a bit yellow…I’ll have this apple, please.　　Hmm, looks like you’re cherry-picking the best piece of fruit. Right, well, now that you’ve got my delicious apple, do you mind if I go now? I’m really not feeling great.　　Oh, go on, Rob. But next time, I’m going to cherry-pick who I present with – someone who wants a bite of the cherry to work with me. I need someone with a bit more… stamina. See ya.　　　Bye.