　　　　录音间里的空调又坏了，这可热得 Rob 心烦意乱。菲菲说 Rob 有些 “hot under the collar ”，但 Rob 说他确实很热，而且他还不明白这刚刚修过的空调怎么又坏了？“Hot under the collar” 这个表达和 “气温” 有关系吗？听他们的对话，学习这个形象又实用的表达。　　　　大家好，欢迎再次来到 BBC英语教学的 “地道英语” 节目。我是冯菲菲。　　　　And I’m Rob. Phew, Feifei, is the air conditioning on?　　Let me check. 哎呀，空调好像又坏了！　　Again? The company fixed it just this week.　　Yeah.　　And that’s three times this month!　　　　I know…　　I honestly can’t face calling the company another time. I’ve wasted hours on the phone to them! Seriously. 　　　　OK, OK, Rob. No need to get so hot under the collar!　　　　But… OK. You’re right. Give me a minute.　　咱们先让 Rob 冷静冷静。我来给大家讲讲刚才我用的表达 —— “get hot under the collar” 是什么意思。“To get hot under the collar” 描述一个人因为某事被惹得很生气、很恼火，正如我们汉语里用 “脸红脖子粗” 来形容一个人很生气的样子，很形象地描述了人生气的时候，感觉脖子被衣服领子裹着，很不舒服。不过 “to get hot under the collar” 还有另一个意思，我们在节目后半部分再来讲。咱们先看看 Rob 有没有平静下来。OK, Rob, how are you now? 　　Just a minute more.　　　　看来得再给 Rob 点时间。我们先来听几个例句。　　Nick got a little hot under the collar when he returned from a meeting to discover his colleagues had eaten all his chocolates.　　I hate driving in big cities. I just get too hot under the collar when others drive badly. I prefer to take a bus and chill out.　　Try not to say anything about Wayne’s new haircut. He knows it looks terrible. When I mentioned it he got very hot under the collar.　　这里是 BBC英语教学的 “地道英语” 节目。我们正在教给大家 “to get hot under the collar” 这个表达的意思。它用来描述一个人因为一件事情被惹得怒气冲冲，气得脸红脖子粗。在节目一开始，Rob 就因为录音间里的空调又坏了而被气得 “hot under the collar”。So, how are you feeling now, Rob?　　Much better now. Don’t worry, I’ll call the air conditioning company.　　　　If you do, err… can you ask them which engineer is coming to fix it?　　　　Why does that matter?　　　　Well, you see, there’s this one engineer who makes me… all hot under the collar!　　Ahh, I see! You find this person attractive and they make you feel excited or even a bit nervous? Well, that’s the other meaning of hot under the collar, by the way.　　“To get hot under the collar” 也可以用来形容人因为一件事情或一个人而感到尴尬的、害羞的、局促不安的。Sorry. I should admit it. It’s been me who has been breaking the air conditioning all along… Just… just in the hope that…　　　　Just so you can see that cute engineer? Feifei! That really is shocking. OK, let me make that call.　　　　Yes, it’s getting a bit hot in here.　　　　Bye!　　实习编辑：姚依明　　责任编辑：潘程